CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

We love pull requests from everyone.
By participating in this project,
you agree to abide by the thoughtbot [code of conduct].

  [code of conduct]: https://thoughtbot.com/open-source-code-of-conduct

We expect everyone to follow the code of conduct
anywhere in thoughtbot's project codebases,
issue trackers, chatrooms, and mailing lists.

## Setup

After cloning the repository, execute the setup script:

    $ bin/setup

Make sure the tests pass:

    $ bin/rake

Make your change, with new passing tests. Follow the [style guide][style].

  [style]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/style

Fork the repository and push your changes to your fork.

Write a [good commit message][commit]. Submit a pull request.

  [commit]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html

Others will give constructive feedback.
This is a time for discussion and improvements,
and making the necessary changes will be required before we can
merge the contribution.

Commit message:

Create Issue Template
To increase the quality of both issue creation and issue triage,
introduce a [GitHub Issue Template][docs].

Once merged, issues that don't provide at least some of the context
requested by the template will likely be closed immediately until
additional information is provided.

[docs]: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue-template-for-your-repository/

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Report an Issue

When reporting an issue, please fill out the provided
[GitHub issue template][template] to the best of your ability.

This template helps this project's maintainers understand and respond to issues
in a timely manner.

Issues that don't attempt to answer the questions asked in the issue template
will likely be closed until additional information is provided.

[template]: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

# Contributing

We love pull requests from everyone.
By participating in this project,
you agree to abide by the thoughtbot [code of conduct].

  [code of conduct]: https://thoughtbot.com/open-source-code-of-conduct

We expect everyone to follow the code of conduct
anywhere in thoughtbot's project codebases,
issue trackers, chatrooms, and mailing lists.

## Setup

After cloning the repository, execute the setup script:

    $ bin/setup

Make sure the tests pass:

    $ bin/rake

Make your change, with new passing tests. Follow the [style guide][style].

  [style]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/style

Fork the repository and push your changes to your fork.

Write a [good commit message][commit]. Submit a pull request.

  [commit]: http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html

Others will give constructive feedback.
This is a time for discussion and improvements,
and making the necessary changes will be required before we can
merge the contribution.
